international is getting closer to Iran
Enigma is not yours but maybe not as
full body
buff will help get immortals
register in baf call friends burger
king transfer bonus points to dota and
wait for international in all weapons link
in the video description
Hello dear friends, holy and with you
today i want to tell you how
all the same zagankat middle or middle
line and why it needs to be done here can
only be one problem if meeder
bad and you do not understand when you
come to the gang and so why do you need
gang in mid and everything is simple the more
will be able to make your initial game leader
so much easier then you will personally play
I think that the middleman needs to gank at least
twice to 5 minutes and
so the first gang is a gun in smoke
second gang & the gang at night you can
Smoke and can be without you are sure that
the enemy does not put wards
so how do you need to gank mid to start
not wearing on 2 3
when you already got the level playing for
support then with the second support
can go and kill the enemy mider with
poppies but you must warn your
shag so that he does not push in line of enemies
from the goods you profitable when the enemy
coming down from your high ground as
Only his foot on the river you can
boldly go kill
well you killed the enemy miden but in
this moment you left your carry
which will be put on the enemy
hardliner so run back to
our carry and now it's 4 minutes and
night came gave a review of all the characters
decreased and became about 800 and it was
1800 so you just run-run again
speak enemy midie night mider
as vulnerable as possible so kill him
it will be much easier provided he
can't see you
also having more stan and dyuibla
the leader gets very easily
many know that the step is very hard
miller but what will he do if he will
gank ppd
at leshrak on 1 blue about 400 75 hp
think yourself what they can do with it
two heroes
one of which has stand but here
example ring and place and terror she
will inflict a lot on the enemy hero
damage stronger renew enemy
the easier it will be for you to win the game
example is now very rarely seen
on the professional scene like some
video kills another 11 practically in
In all cases, supports gangut mid they
do not once and minion 34 because they
understand that if two enemy midor
so nothing good it will not
but thats all dear friends on this
the moment i finished my instructive
video like gank mid hope video was
useful for support that learn
play and don't know how to gank mid layt
as well as a leader who very often
wrong with the gangs of the enemy if the video you
liked it then put your thumbs up
subscribe to the channel and wait for others
interesting videos and with you was holy to all
until